---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_branch Data Source - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_branch data source allows details of a repository branch to be retrieved by its name and project.
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/api/branches/#get-single-repository-branch
---

# gitlab_branch (Data Source)

The `gitlab_branch` data source allows details of a repository branch to be retrieved by its name and project.

**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/api/branches/#get-single-repository-branch)

## Example Usage

```terraform
# By project ID
data "gitlab_branch" "foo" {
  name    = "example"
  project = "12345"
}

# By project full path
data "gitlab_branch" "foo" {
  name    = "example"
  project = "foo/bar"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the branch.
- `project` (String) The full path or id of the project.

### Read-Only

- `can_push` (Boolean) Bool, true if you can push to the branch.
- `commit` (Attributes Set) The commit associated with the branch ref. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--commit))
- `default` (Boolean) Bool, true if branch is the default branch for the project.
- `developer_can_merge` (Boolean) Bool, true if developer level access allows to merge branch.
- `developer_can_push` (Boolean) Bool, true if developer level access allows git push.
- `id` (String) The ID of this datasource. In the format `<project:name>`.
- `merged` (Boolean) Bool, true if the branch has been merged into its parent.
- `protected` (Boolean) Bool, true if branch has branch protection.
- `web_url` (String) The url of the created branch (https.)

<a id="nestedatt--commit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `commit`

Read-Only:

- `author_email` (String) The email of the author.
- `author_name` (String) The name of the author.
- `authored_date` (String) The date which the commit was authored (format: yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ).
- `committed_date` (String) The date at which the commit was pushed (format: yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ).
- `committer_email` (String) The email of the user that committed.
- `committer_name` (String) The name of the user that committed.
- `id` (String) The unique id assigned to the commit by Gitlab.
- `message` (String) The commit message
- `parent_ids` (Set of String) The id of the parents of the commit
- `short_id` (String) The short id assigned to the commit by Gitlab.
- `title` (String) The title of the commit
