---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_group_subgroups Data Source - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_group_subgroups data source allows to get subgroups of a group.
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/api/groups/#list-subgroups
---

# gitlab_group_subgroups (Data Source)

The `gitlab_group_subgroups` data source allows to get subgroups of a group.

**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/api/groups/#list-subgroups)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gitlab_group_subgroups" "subgroups" {
  group_id = "123456"
}

output "subgroups" {
  value = data.gitlab_group_subgroups.subgroups
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_id` (Number) The ID of the group.

### Optional

- `all_available` (Boolean) Show all the groups you have access to.
- `min_access_level` (String) Limit to groups where current user has at least this access level.
- `order_by` (String) Order groups by name, path or id.
- `owned` (Boolean) Limit to groups explicitly owned by the current user.
- `search` (String) Return the list of authorized groups matching the search criteria.
- `skip_groups` (List of Number) Skip the group IDs passed.
- `sort` (String) Order groups in asc or desc order.
- `statistics` (Boolean) Include group statistics (administrators only).
- `with_custom_attributes` (Boolean) Include custom attributes in response (administrators only).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this datasource. In the format `<group-id>`.
- `subgroups` (Attributes List) Subgroups of the parent group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subgroups))

<a id="nestedatt--subgroups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subgroups`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_email_domains_list` (String) A list of email address domains to allow group access.
- `auto_devops_enabled` (Boolean) Default to Auto DevOps pipeline for all projects within this group.
- `avatar_url` (String) The URL of the avatar image.
- `created_at` (String) Group created at date.
- `default_branch_protection` (Number) Whether developers and maintainers can push to the applicable default branch.
- `description` (String) The description of the group.
- `emails_enabled` (Boolean) Enable email notifications.
- `file_template_project_id` (Number) The ID of the project that will be used for file templates.
- `full_name` (String) The full name of the group.
- `full_path` (String) The full path of the group.
- `group_id` (Number) The ID of the group.
- `ip_restriction_ranges` (String) A list of IP addresses or subnet masks to restrict group access.
- `lfs_enabled` (Boolean) Is LFS enabled for projects in this group.
- `mentions_disabled` (Boolean) Disable the capability of a group from getting mentioned.
- `name` (String) The name of this group.
- `parent_id` (Number) ID of the parent group.
- `path` (String) The path of the group.
- `project_creation_level` (String) Determine if developers can create projects in the group. Valid values are: `noone`, `owner`, `maintainer`, `developer`, `administrator`
- `request_access_enabled` (Boolean) Is request for access enabled to the group.
- `require_two_factor_authentication` (Boolean) Require all users in this group to setup Two-factor authentication.
- `share_with_group_lock` (Boolean) Prevent sharing a project with another group within this group.
- `shared_runners_setting` (String) Enable or disable shared runners for a group's subgroups and projects. Valid values are: `enabled`, `disabled_and_overridable`, `disabled_and_unoverridable`, `disabled_with_override`.
- `statistics` (Map of String) Group statistics.
- `subgroup_creation_level` (String) Allowed to create subgroups. Valid values are: `owner`, `maintainer`.
- `two_factor_grace_period` (Number) Time before Two-factor authentication is enforced (in hours).
- `visibility` (String) Limited by visibility `public`, `internal`, or `private`.
- `web_url` (String) Web URL of the group.
- `wiki_access_level` (String) The group's wiki access level. Only available on Premium and Ultimate plans. Valid values are `disabled`, `private`, `enabled`.
