---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_group_provisioned_users Data Source - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_group_provisioned_users data source allows details of the provisioned users of a given group.
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/groups.html#list-provisioned-users
---

# gitlab_group_provisioned_users (Data Source)

The `gitlab_group_provisioned_users` data source allows details of the provisioned users of a given group.

**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/groups.html#list-provisioned-users)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID or URL-encoded path of the group.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Return only active provisioned users.
- `blocked` (Boolean) Return only blocked provisioned users.
- `created_after` (String) Return only provisioned users created on or after the specified date. Expected in ISO 8601 format (YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ).
- `created_before` (String) Return only provisioned users created on or before the specified date. Expected in ISO 8601 format (YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ).
- `search` (String) The search query to filter the provisioned users.
- `username` (String) The username of the provisioned user.

### Read-Only

- `provisioned_users` (Block List) The list of provisioned users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--provisioned_users))

<a id="nestedblock--provisioned_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provisioned_users`

Read-Only:

- `avatar_url` (String) The avatar URL of the provisioned user.
- `bio` (String) The bio of the provisioned user.
- `bot` (Boolean) Whether the provisioned user is a bot.
- `confirmed_at` (String) The confirmation date of the provisioned user.
- `created_at` (String) The creation date of the provisioned user.
- `email` (String) The email of the provisioned user.
- `external` (Boolean) Whether the provisioned user is external.
- `id` (String) The ID of the provisioned user.
- `job_title` (String) The job title of the provisioned user.
- `last_activity_on` (String) The last activity date of the provisioned user.
- `last_sign_in_at` (String) The last sign-in date of the provisioned user.
- `linkedin` (String) The LinkedIn ID of the provisioned user.
- `location` (String) The location of the provisioned user.
- `name` (String) The name of the provisioned user.
- `organization` (String) The organization of the provisioned user.
- `private_profile` (Boolean) Whether the provisioned user has a private profile.
- `pronouns` (String) The pronouns of the provisioned user.
- `public_email` (String) The public email of the provisioned user.
- `skype` (String) The Skype ID of the provisioned user.
- `state` (String) The state of the provisioned user.
- `twitter` (String) The Twitter ID of the provisioned user.
- `two_factor_enabled` (Boolean) Whether two-factor authentication is enabled for the provisioned user.
- `username` (String) The username of the provisioned user.
- `web_url` (String) The web URL of the provisioned user.
- `website_url` (String) The website URL of the provisioned user.
