---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_instance_deploy_keys Data Source - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_instance_deploy_keys data source allows to retrieve a list of deploy keys for a GitLab instance.
  -> This data source requires administration privileges.
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/api/deploy_keys/#list-all-deploy-keys
---

# gitlab_instance_deploy_keys (Data Source)

The `gitlab_instance_deploy_keys` data source allows to retrieve a list of deploy keys for a GitLab instance.

-> This data source requires administration privileges.

**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/api/deploy_keys/#list-all-deploy-keys)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gitlab_instance_deploy_keys" "example" {}

# only public deploy keys
data "gitlab_instance_deploy_keys" "example" {
  public = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `public` (Boolean) Only return deploy keys that are public.

### Read-Only

- `deploy_keys` (Attributes List) The list of all deploy keys across all projects of the GitLab instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deploy_keys))
- `id` (String) The ID of this datasource. In the format `<public>`.

<a id="nestedatt--deploy_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deploy_keys`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The creation date of the deploy key. In RFC3339 format.
- `fingerprint` (String) The fingerprint of the deploy key.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the deploy key.
- `key` (String) The deploy key.
- `projects_with_write_access` (Attributes List) The list of projects that the deploy key has write access to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deploy_keys--projects_with_write_access))
- `title` (String) The title of the deploy key.

<a id="nestedatt--deploy_keys--projects_with_write_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deploy_keys.projects_with_write_access`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The creation date of the project. In RFC3339 format.
- `description` (String) The description of the project.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the project.
- `name` (String) The name of the project.
- `name_with_namespace` (String) The name of the project with namespace.
- `path` (String) The path of the project.
- `path_with_namespace` (String) The path of the project with namespace.
