---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_pipeline_schedule Data Source - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_pipeline_schedule data source retrieves information about a gitlab pipeline schedule for a project.
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/api/pipeline_schedules/
---

# gitlab_pipeline_schedule (Data Source)

The `gitlab_pipeline_schedule` data source retrieves information about a gitlab pipeline schedule for a project.

**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/api/pipeline_schedules/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gitlab_pipeline_schedule" "example" {
  project              = "12345"
  pipeline_schedule_id = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `pipeline_schedule_id` (Number) The pipeline schedule id.
- `project` (String) The name or id of the project to add the schedule to.

### Optional

- `cron_timezone` (String) The timezone.

### Read-Only

- `active` (Boolean) The activation status of pipeline schedule.
- `created_at` (String) The datetime of when the schedule was created.
- `cron` (String) The cron (e.g. `0 1 * * *`).
- `description` (String) The description of the pipeline schedule.
- `id` (String) The ID of this Terraform resource. In the format of `<project-id>:<pipeline-schedule-id>`.
- `last_pipeline` (Attributes) The details of the last pipeline run by the schedule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--last_pipeline))
- `next_run_at` (String) The datetime of when the schedule will next run.
- `owner` (Attributes) The details of the pipeline schedule owner. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner))
- `ref` (String) The branch/tag name to be triggered. This will be the full branch reference, for example: `refs/heads/main`, not `main`.
- `updated_at` (String) The datetime of when the schedule was last updated.
- `variables` (Attributes List) The list of the pipeline schedule variables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--variables))

<a id="nestedatt--last_pipeline"></a>
### Nested Schema for `last_pipeline`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The pipeline ID.
- `ref` (String) The ref of the pipeline.
- `sha` (String) The SHA of the pipeline.
- `status` (String) The status of pipelines, one of: created, waiting_for_resource, preparing, pending, running, success, failed, canceled, skipped, manual, scheduled.


<a id="nestedatt--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner`

Read-Only:

- `avatar_url` (String) Image URL for the user's avatar.
- `id` (Number) The user ID.
- `name` (String) Name.
- `state` (String) User's state, one of: active, blocked.
- `username` (String) Username.
- `web_url` (String) URL to the user's profile.


<a id="nestedatt--variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `variables`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of a variable.
- `value` (String) The value of a variable.
- `variable_type` (String) The type of a variable, one of: env_var and file.
