---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_project_branches Data Source - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_project_branches data source allows details of the branches of a given project to be retrieved.
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/api/branches/#list-repository-branches
---

# gitlab_project_branches (Data Source)

The `gitlab_project_branches` data source allows details of the branches of a given project to be retrieved.

**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/api/branches/#list-repository-branches)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gitlab_project_branches" "example" {
  project = 30
}

data "gitlab_project_branches" "example" {
  project = "foo/bar/baz"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) ID or URL-encoded path of the project owned by the authenticated user.

### Optional

- `regex` (String) Regex pattern to filter the returned branches by name.
- `search` (String) A search string to filter branches by name.

### Read-Only

- `branches` (Attributes List) The list of branches of the project, as defined below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--branches))
- `id` (String) The ID of this datasource. In the format `<project>`.

<a id="nestedatt--branches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `branches`

Read-Only:

- `can_push` (Boolean) Bool, true if you can push to the branch.
- `commit` (Attributes Set) The commit associated with the branch ref. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--branches--commit))
- `default` (Boolean) Bool, true if branch is the default branch for the project.
- `developers_can_merge` (Boolean) Bool, true if developer level access allows to merge branch.
- `developers_can_push` (Boolean) Bool, true if developer level access allows git push.
- `merged` (Boolean) Bool, true if the branch has been merged into its parent.
- `name` (String) The name of the branch.
- `protected` (Boolean) Bool, true if branch has branch protection.
- `web_url` (String) URL that can be used to find the branch in a browser.

<a id="nestedatt--branches--commit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `branches.commit`

Read-Only:

- `author_email` (String) The email of the author.
- `author_name` (String) The name of the author.
- `authored_date` (String) The date which the commit was authored (format: yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ).
- `committed_date` (String) The date at which the commit was pushed (format: yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ).
- `committer_email` (String) The email of the user that committed.
- `committer_name` (String) The name of the user that committed.
- `id` (String) The unique id assigned to the commit by Gitlab.
- `message` (String) The commit message
- `parent_ids` (Set of String) The id of the parents of the commit
- `short_id` (String) The short id assigned to the commit by Gitlab.
- `title` (String) The title of the commit
