---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_project_issue_label_events Data Source - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_project_issue_label_events data source retrieves label events for a specific GitLab project issue.
  Upstream API: GitLab Resource Label Events API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/api/resource_label_events/
---

# gitlab_project_issue_label_events (Data Source)

The `gitlab_project_issue_label_events` data source retrieves label events for a specific GitLab project issue.

**Upstream API**: [GitLab Resource Label Events API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/api/resource_label_events/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gitlab_project_issue_label_events" "example" {
  project   = "my-group/my-project"
  issue_iid = 42
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `issue_iid` (Number) The internal ID of the issue.
- `project` (String) The ID or full path of the project.

### Optional

- `pages_returned` (Number) Number of pages to return. Default is 1.

### Read-Only

- `events` (Attributes List) List of label events for the issue. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--events))
- `id` (String) The ID of this Terraform resource. In the format of `<project>:<issue_iid>`.

<a id="nestedatt--events"></a>
### Nested Schema for `events`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) The action performed on the label (add, remove).
- `created_at` (String) The date and time when the label event was created.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the label event.
- `label` (Attributes) The label that was added or removed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--events--label))
- `resource_id` (Number) The ID of the resource associated with the label event.
- `resource_type` (String) The type of the resource associated with the label event.
- `user` (Attributes) The user who performed the action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--events--user))

<a id="nestedatt--events--label"></a>
### Nested Schema for `events.label`

Read-Only:

- `color` (String) The color of the label.
- `description` (String) The description of the label.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the label.
- `name` (String) The name of the label.


<a id="nestedatt--events--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `events.user`

Read-Only:

- `avatar_url` (String) The avatar URL of the user.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the user.
- `name` (String) The name of the user.
- `state` (String) The state of the user.
- `username` (String) The username of the user.
- `web_url` (String) The web URL of the user.
