---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_project_tags Data Source - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_project_tags data source allows details of project tags to be retrieved by some search criteria.
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/api/tags/#list-project-repository-tags
---

# gitlab_project_tags (Data Source)

The `gitlab_project_tags` data source allows details of project tags to be retrieved by some search criteria.

**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/api/tags/#list-project-repository-tags)

## Example Usage

```terraform
# By project ID
data "gitlab_project_tags" "example" {
  project = "12345"
}

# By project full path
data "gitlab_project_tags" "example" {
  project = "foo/bar"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) The ID or URL-encoded path of the project owned by the authenticated user.

### Optional

- `order_by` (String) Return tags ordered by `name` or `updated` fields. Default is `updated`.
- `search` (String) Return list of tags matching the search criteria. You can use `^term` and `term$` to find tags that begin and end with `term` respectively. No other regular expressions are supported.
- `sort` (String) Return tags sorted in `asc` or `desc` order. Default is `desc`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this datasource. In the format `<project:hash-of-other-options>`.
- `tags` (Attributes List) List of repository tags from a project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `commit` (Attributes Set) The commit associated with the tag. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags--commit))
- `message` (String) The message of the annotated tag.
- `name` (String) The name of a tag.
- `protected` (Boolean) True if tag has tag protection.
- `release` (Attributes Set) The release associated with the tag. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags--release))
- `target` (String) The unique id assigned to the commit by Gitlab.

<a id="nestedatt--tags--commit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags.commit`

Read-Only:

- `author_email` (String) The email of the author.
- `author_name` (String) The name of the author.
- `authored_date` (String) The date which the commit was authored (format: yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ).
- `committed_date` (String) The date at which the commit was pushed (format: yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ).
- `committer_email` (String) The email of the user that committed.
- `committer_name` (String) The name of the user that committed.
- `id` (String) The unique id assigned to the commit by Gitlab.
- `message` (String) The commit message
- `parent_ids` (Set of String) The id of the parents of the commit
- `short_id` (String) The short id assigned to the commit by Gitlab.
- `title` (String) The title of the commit


<a id="nestedatt--tags--release"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags.release`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the release.
- `tag_name` (String) The name of the tag.
