---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_project_milestones Data Source - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_project_milestones data source allows get details of a project milestones.
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/api/milestones/
---

# gitlab_project_milestones (Data Source)

The `gitlab_project_milestones` data source allows get details of a project milestones.

**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/api/milestones/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
# By project ID
data "gitlab_project_milestones" "example" {
  project = "12345"
}

# By project full path
data "gitlab_project_milestones" "example" {
  project = "foo/bar"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) The ID or URL-encoded path of the project owned by the authenticated user.

### Optional

- `iids` (List of Number) Return only the milestones having the given `iid` (Note: ignored if `include_parent_milestones` is set as `true`).
- `include_parent_milestones` (Boolean) Include group milestones from parent group and its ancestors.
- `search` (String) Return only milestones with a title or description matching the provided string.
- `state` (String) Return only `active` or `closed` milestones.
- `title` (String) Return only the milestones having the given `title`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this datasource. In the format `<project:options-hash>`.
- `milestones` (Attributes List) List of milestones from a project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--milestones))

<a id="nestedatt--milestones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `milestones`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The time of creation of the milestone. Date time string, ISO 8601 formatted, for example 2016-03-11T03:45:40Z.
- `description` (String) The description of the milestone.
- `due_date` (String) The due date of the milestone. Date time string in the format YYYY-MM-DD, for example 2016-03-11.
- `expired` (Boolean) Bool, true if milestone expired.
- `iid` (Number) The ID of the project's milestone.
- `milestone_id` (Number) The instance-wide ID of the project's milestone.
- `project` (String) The ID or URL-encoded path of the project owned by the authenticated user.
- `project_id` (Number) The project ID of milestone.
- `start_date` (String) The start date of the milestone. Date time string in the format YYYY-MM-DD, for example 2016-03-11.
- `state` (String) The state of the milestone. Valid values are: `active`, `closed`.
- `title` (String) The title of a milestone.
- `updated_at` (String) The last update time of the milestone. Date time string, ISO 8601 formatted, for example 2016-03-11T03:45:40Z.
- `web_url` (String) The web URL of the milestone.
