---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_project_hooks Data Source - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_project_hooks data source allows to retrieve details about hooks in a project.
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/api/project_webhooks/#list-webhooks-for-a-project
---

# gitlab_project_hooks (Data Source)

The `gitlab_project_hooks` data source allows to retrieve details about hooks in a project.

**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/api/project_webhooks/#list-webhooks-for-a-project)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gitlab_project" "example" {
  id = "foo/bar/baz"
}

data "gitlab_project_hooks" "examples" {
  project = data.gitlab_project.example.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) The name or id of the project.

### Read-Only

- `hooks` (Attributes List) The list of hooks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hooks))
- `id` (String) The ID of this datasource. In the format `<project>`.

<a id="nestedatt--hooks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hooks`

Read-Only:

- `confidential_issues_events` (Boolean) Invoke the hook for confidential issues events.
- `confidential_note_events` (Boolean) Invoke the hook for confidential notes events.
- `custom_webhook_template` (String) Set a custom webhook template.
- `deployment_events` (Boolean) Invoke the hook for deployment events.
- `enable_ssl_verification` (Boolean) Enable ssl verification when invoking the hook.
- `hook_id` (Number) The id of the project hook.
- `issues_events` (Boolean) Invoke the hook for issues events.
- `job_events` (Boolean) Invoke the hook for job events.
- `merge_requests_events` (Boolean) Invoke the hook for merge requests.
- `note_events` (Boolean) Invoke the hook for notes events.
- `pipeline_events` (Boolean) Invoke the hook for pipeline events.
- `project` (String) The name or id of the project to add the hook to.
- `project_id` (Number) The id of the project for the hook.
- `push_events` (Boolean) Invoke the hook for push events.
- `push_events_branch_filter` (String) Invoke the hook for push events on matching branches only.
- `releases_events` (Boolean) Invoke the hook for releases events.
- `tag_push_events` (Boolean) Invoke the hook for tag push events.
- `token` (String, Sensitive, Deprecated) A token to present when invoking the hook. The token is only available on resource creation, not in this datasource. It will always be blank. Will be removed in 19.0.
- `url` (String) The url of the hook to invoke.
- `vulnerability_events` (Boolean) Invoke the hook for vulnerability events.
- `wiki_page_events` (Boolean) Invoke the hook for wiki page events.
