---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_project_protected_branches Data Source - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_project_protected_branches data source allows details of the protected branches of a given project.
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/protected_branches.html#list-protected-branches
---

# gitlab_project_protected_branches (Data Source)

The `gitlab_project_protected_branches` data source allows details of the protected branches of a given project.

**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/protected_branches.html#list-protected-branches)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gitlab_project_protected_branches" "example" {
  project_id = 30
}

data "gitlab_project_protected_branches" "example" {
  project_id = "foo/bar/baz"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (String) The integer or path with namespace that uniquely identifies the project.

### Optional

- `protected_branches` (Block List) A list of protected branches, as defined below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--protected_branches))

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--protected_branches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protected_branches`

Optional:

- `merge_access_levels` (Block Set) Array of access levels and user(s)/group(s) allowed to merge to protected branch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--protected_branches--merge_access_levels))
- `push_access_levels` (Block Set) Array of access levels and user(s)/group(s) allowed to push to protected branch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--protected_branches--push_access_levels))

Read-Only:

- `allow_force_push` (Boolean) Whether force push is allowed.
- `code_owner_approval_required` (Boolean) Reject code pushes that change files listed in the CODEOWNERS file.
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) The name of the protected branch.

<a id="nestedblock--protected_branches--merge_access_levels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protected_branches.merge_access_levels`

Optional:

- `group_id` (Number) The ID of a GitLab group allowed to perform the relevant action. Mutually exclusive with `user_id`.
- `user_id` (Number) The ID of a GitLab user allowed to perform the relevant action. Mutually exclusive with `group_id`.

Read-Only:

- `access_level` (String) Access levels allowed to merge to protected branch. Valid values are: `no one`, `developer`, `maintainer`.
- `access_level_description` (String) Readable description of access level.


<a id="nestedblock--protected_branches--push_access_levels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protected_branches.push_access_levels`

Optional:

- `group_id` (Number) The ID of a GitLab group allowed to perform the relevant action. Mutually exclusive with `user_id`.
- `user_id` (Number) The ID of a GitLab user allowed to perform the relevant action. Mutually exclusive with `group_id`.

Read-Only:

- `access_level` (String) Access levels allowed to push to protected branch. Valid values are: `no one`, `developer`, `maintainer`.
- `access_level_description` (String) Readable description of access level.
