---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_project_approval_rules Data Source - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_project_approval_rules data source retrieves all approval rules of a given project.
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/api/merge_request_approvals/#list-all-approval-rules-for-a-project
---

# gitlab_project_approval_rules (Data Source)

The `gitlab_project_approval_rules` data source retrieves all approval rules of a given project.

**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/api/merge_request_approvals/#list-all-approval-rules-for-a-project)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gitlab_project_approval_rules" "by_project_id" {
  project = "12345"
}

data "gitlab_project_approval_rules" "by_project_path" {
  project = "my-group/my-project"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) The ID or path with namespace that identifies the project.

### Read-Only

- `approval_rules` (Block List) A list of project approval rules, as defined below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--approval_rules))
- `id` (String) The ID of this Terraform resource.

<a id="nestedblock--approval_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `approval_rules`

Read-Only:

- `applies_to_all_protected_branches` (Boolean) If true, applies the rule to all protected branches, ignoring the protected branches attribute.
- `approvals_required` (Number) The number of approvals required for this rule.
- `eligible_approver_ids` (List of Number) List of all approver IDs that are eligible to approve this rule.
- `group_ids` (List of Number) List of group IDs that are eligible to approve this rule.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the approval rule.
- `name` (String) The name of the approval rule.
- `protected_branch_ids` (List of Number) List of protected branch IDs that this rule applies to.
- `report_type` (String) The report type. Required when the rule type is `report_approver`. The supported report types are `license_scanning` and `code_coverage`.
- `rule_type` (String) The type of the approval rule. Can be `any_approver`, `regular` or `report_approver`.
- `user_ids` (List of Number) List of user IDs that are eligible to approve this rule.
