---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_project_issues Data Source - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_project_issues data source allows to retrieve details about issues in a project.
  Upstream API: GitLab API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/issues.html
---

# gitlab_project_issues (Data Source)

The `gitlab_project_issues` data source allows to retrieve details about issues in a project.

**Upstream API**: [GitLab API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/issues.html)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gitlab_project" "foo" {
  id = "foo/bar/baz"
}

data "gitlab_project_issues" "all_with_foo" {
  project = data.gitlab_project.foo.id
  search  = "foo"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) The name or id of the project.

### Optional

- `assignee_id` (Number) Return issues assigned to the given user id. Mutually exclusive with assignee_username. None returns unassigned issues. Any returns issues with an assignee.
- `assignee_username` (String) Return issues assigned to the given username. Similar to assignee_id and mutually exclusive with assignee_id. In GitLab CE, the assignee_username array should only contain a single value. Otherwise, an invalid parameter error is returned.
- `author_id` (Number) Return issues created by the given user id. Combine with scope=all or scope=assigned_to_me.
- `confidential` (Boolean) Filter confidential or public issues.
- `created_after` (String) Return issues created on or after the given time. Expected in ISO 8601 format (2019-03-15T08:00:00Z)
- `created_before` (String) Return issues created on or before the given time. Expected in ISO 8601 format (2019-03-15T08:00:00Z)
- `due_date` (String) Return issues that have no due date, are overdue, or whose due date is this week, this month, or between two weeks ago and next month. Accepts: 0 (no due date), any, today, tomorrow, overdue, week, month, next_month_and_previous_two_weeks.
- `iids` (List of Number) Return only the issues having the given iid
- `issue_type` (String) Filter to a given type of issue. Valid values are [issue incident test_case]. (Introduced in GitLab 13.12)
- `labels` (List of String) Return issues with labels. Issues must have all labels to be returned. None lists all issues with no labels. Any lists all issues with at least one label. No+Label (Deprecated) lists all issues with no labels. Predefined names are case-insensitive.
- `milestone` (String) The milestone title. None lists all issues with no milestone. Any lists all issues that have an assigned milestone.
- `my_reaction_emoji` (String) Return issues reacted by the authenticated user by the given emoji. None returns issues not given a reaction. Any returns issues given at least one reaction.
- `not_assignee_id` (List of Number) Return issues that do not match the assignee id.
- `not_author_id` (List of Number) Return issues that do not match the author id.
- `not_labels` (List of String) Return issues that do not match the labels.
- `not_milestone` (String) Return issues that do not match the milestone.
- `not_my_reaction_emoji` (List of String) Return issues not reacted by the authenticated user by the given emoji.
- `order_by` (String) Return issues ordered by. Valid values are `created_at`, `updated_at`, `priority`, `due_date`, `relative_position`, `label_priority`, `milestone_due`, `popularity`, `weight`. Default is created_at
- `scope` (String) Return issues for the given scope. Valid values are `created_by_me`, `assigned_to_me`, `all`. Defaults to all.
- `search` (String) Search project issues against their title and description
- `sort` (String) Return issues sorted in asc or desc order. Default is desc
- `updated_after` (String) Return issues updated on or after the given time. Expected in ISO 8601 format (2019-03-15T08:00:00Z)
- `updated_before` (String) Return issues updated on or before the given time. Expected in ISO 8601 format (2019-03-15T08:00:00Z)
- `weight` (Number) Return issues with the specified weight. None returns issues with no weight assigned. Any returns issues with a weight assigned.
- `with_labels_details` (Boolean) If true, the response returns more details for each label in labels field: :name, :color, :description, :description_html, :text_color. Default is false. description_html was introduced in GitLab 12.7

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `issues` (List of Object) The list of issues returned by the search. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--issues))

<a id="nestedatt--issues"></a>
### Nested Schema for `issues`

Read-Only:

- `assignee_ids` (Set of Number)
- `author_id` (Number)
- `closed_at` (String)
- `closed_by_user_id` (Number)
- `confidential` (Boolean)
- `created_at` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `discussion_locked` (Boolean)
- `discussion_to_resolve` (String)
- `downvotes` (Number)
- `due_date` (String)
- `epic_id` (Number)
- `epic_issue_id` (Number)
- `external_id` (String)
- `human_time_estimate` (String)
- `human_total_time_spent` (String)
- `iid` (Number)
- `issue_id` (Number)
- `issue_link_id` (Number)
- `issue_type` (String)
- `labels` (Set of String)
- `links` (Map of String)
- `merge_request_to_resolve_discussions_of` (Number)
- `merge_requests_count` (Number)
- `milestone_id` (Number)
- `moved_to_id` (Number)
- `project` (String)
- `references` (Map of String)
- `state` (String)
- `subscribed` (Boolean)
- `task_completion_status` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--issues--task_completion_status))
- `time_estimate` (Number)
- `title` (String)
- `total_time_spent` (Number)
- `updated_at` (String)
- `upvotes` (Number)
- `user_notes_count` (Number)
- `web_url` (String)
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedobjatt--issues--task_completion_status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `issues.task_completion_status`

Read-Only:

- `completed_count` (Number)
- `count` (Number)


