---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_project_environments Data Source - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_project_environments data source retrieves information about all environments of the given project.
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/environments.html#list-environments
---

# gitlab_project_environments (Data Source)

The `gitlab_project_environments` data source retrieves information about all environments of the given project.

**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/environments.html#list-environments)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "gitlab_project" "this" {
  name                   = "example"
  initialize_with_readme = true
}

data "gitlab_project_environments" "this" {
  project = gitlab_project.this.path_with_namespace # Can also use project id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) The ID or full path of the project.

### Optional

- `name` (String) Return the environment with this name. Mutually exclusive with search.
- `search` (String) Return list of environments matching the search criteria. Mutually exclusive with name. Must be at least 3 characters long.
- `states` (String) List all environments that match the specified state. Valid values are `available`, `stopping`, `stopped`. Returns all environments if not set.

### Read-Only

- `environments` (Attributes List) The list of environments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environments))
- `id` (String) The ID of this Terraform resource.

<a id="nestedatt--environments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environments`

Read-Only:

- `cluster_agent_id` (Number) The ID of the environments cluster agent or `null` if none is assigned.
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp of the environment creation, RFC3339 format.
- `description` (String) The description of the environment.
- `external_url` (String) Place to link to for this environment.
- `flux_resource_path` (String) The Flux resource path to associate with this environment.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the environment.
- `kubernetes_namespace` (String) The Kubernetes namespace to associate with this environment.
- `name` (String) The name of the environment.
- `slug` (String) The simplified version of the environment name, suitable for inclusion in DNS, URLs, Kubernetes labels, and so on. The slug is truncated to 24 characters. A random suffix is automatically added to uppercase environment names.
- `state` (String) The state of the environment. Value can be one of `available`, `stopping`, `stopped`. Returns all environments if not set.
- `tier` (String) The tier of the environment. Value can be one of `production`, `staging`, `testing`, `development`, `other`. Returns all environments if not set.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp of the last environment update, RFC3339 format.
