---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_users Data Source - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_users data source allows details of multiple users to be retrieved given some optional filter criteria.
  -> Some attributes might not be returned depending on if you're an admin or not.
  -> Some available options require administrator privileges.
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/api/users/#list-users
---

# gitlab_users (Data Source)

The `gitlab_users` data source allows details of multiple users to be retrieved given some optional filter criteria.

-> Some attributes might not be returned depending on if you're an admin or not.

-> Some available options require administrator privileges.

**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/api/users/#list-users)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gitlab_users" "example" {
  sort           = "desc"
  order_by       = "name"
  created_before = "2019-01-01"
}

data "gitlab_users" "example-two" {
  search = "username"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Filter users that are active.
- `blocked` (Boolean) Filter users that are blocked.
- `created_after` (String) Search for users created after a specific date. (Requires administrator privileges)
- `created_before` (String) Search for users created before a specific date. (Requires administrator privileges)
- `exclude_external` (Boolean) Filters only non external users.
- `exclude_internal` (Boolean) Filters only non internal users.
- `extern_provider` (String) Lookup users by external provider. (Requires administrator privileges)
- `extern_uid` (String) Lookup users by external UID. (Requires administrator privileges)
- `external` (Boolean) Filters only external users.
- `humans` (Boolean) Filters only regular users that are not bot or internal users.
- `order_by` (String) Order the users' list by `id`, `name`, `username`, `created_at` or `updated_at`. (Requires administrator privileges)
- `search` (String) Search users by username, name or email.
- `sort` (String) Sort users' list in asc or desc order. (Requires administrator privileges)
- `username` (String) Get a single user with a specific username.
- `without_project_bots` (Boolean) Filters user without project bots.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this datasource. In the format of a hash taken from the search options.
- `users` (Attributes List) The list of users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users))

<a id="nestedatt--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Read-Only:

- `avatar_url` (String) The avatar URL of the user.
- `bio` (String) The bio of the user.
- `can_create_group` (Boolean) Whether the user can create groups.
- `can_create_project` (Boolean) Whether the user can create projects.
- `color_scheme_id` (Number) User's color scheme ID.
- `created_at` (String) Date the user was created at.
- `current_sign_in_at` (String) Current user's sign-in date.
- `email` (String) The public email address of the user.
- `extern_uid` (String) The external UID of the user.
- `external` (Boolean) Whether the user is external.
- `id` (Number) The unique id assigned to the user by the gitlab server.
- `is_admin` (Boolean) Whether the user is an admin.
- `is_bot` (Boolean) Whether the user is a bot.
- `last_sign_in_at` (String) Last user's sign-in date.
- `linkedin` (String) LinkedIn profile of the user.
- `location` (String) The location of the user.
- `name` (String) The name of the user.
- `namespace_id` (Number) The ID of the user's namespace. Requires admin token to access this field.
- `organization` (String) The organization of the user.
- `projects_limit` (Number) Number of projects the user can create.
- `provider` (String) The UID provider of the user.
- `skype` (String) Skype username of the user.
- `state` (String) Whether the user is active or blocked.
- `theme_id` (Number) User's theme ID.
- `twitter` (String) Twitter username of the user.
- `two_factor_enabled` (Boolean) Whether user's two-factor auth is enabled.
- `username` (String) The username of the user.
- `website_url` (String) User's website URL.
