---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_user Data Source - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_user data source allows details of a user to be retrieved by either the user ID, username or email address.
  -> Some attributes might not be returned depending on if you're an admin or not.
  ~> When using the email attribute, an exact match is not guaranteed. The most related match will be returned. The most related match will prioritize an exact match if one is available.
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/api/users/#get-a-single-user
---

# gitlab_user (Data Source)

The `gitlab_user` data source allows details of a user to be retrieved by either the user ID, username or email address.

-> Some attributes might not be returned depending on if you're an admin or not.

~> When using the `email` attribute, an exact match is not guaranteed. The most related match will be returned. The most related match will prioritize an exact match if one is available.

**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/api/users/#get-a-single-user)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gitlab_user" "example" {
  username = "myuser"
}

# Example using `for_each`
data "gitlab_user" "example-two" {
  for_each = toset(["user1", "user2", "user3"])

  username = each.value
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `email` (String) The public email address of the user.
- `email_exact_match` (Boolean) (Experimental) If true, returns only an exact match. Otherwise, fuzzy matching might return the closest result. If no exact match is available, the data source returns an error.
- `namespace_id` (Number) The ID of the user's namespace. Requires admin token to access this field.
- `user_id` (Number) The ID of the user.
- `username` (String) The username of the user.

### Read-Only

- `avatar_url` (String) The avatar URL of the user.
- `bio` (String) The bio of the user.
- `can_create_group` (Boolean) Whether the user can create groups.
- `can_create_project` (Boolean) Whether the user can create projects.
- `color_scheme_id` (Number) User's color scheme ID.
- `created_at` (String) Date the user was created at.
- `current_sign_in_at` (String) Current user's sign-in date.
- `extern_uid` (String) The external UID of the user.
- `external` (Boolean) Whether the user is external.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_admin` (Boolean) Whether the user is an admin.
- `is_bot` (Boolean) Whether the user is a bot.
- `last_sign_in_at` (String) Last user's sign-in date.
- `linkedin` (String) LinkedIn profile of the user.
- `location` (String) The location of the user.
- `name` (String) The name of the user.
- `note` (String) Admin notes for this user.
- `organization` (String) The organization of the user.
- `projects_limit` (Number) Number of projects the user can create.
- `skype` (String) Skype username of the user.
- `state` (String) Whether the user is active or blocked.
- `theme_id` (Number) User's theme ID.
- `twitter` (String) Twitter username of the user.
- `two_factor_enabled` (Boolean) Whether user's two-factor auth is enabled.
- `user_provider` (String) The UID provider of the user.
- `website_url` (String) User's website URL.
