---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_application Resource - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_application resource allows to manage the lifecycle of applications in gitlab.
  ~> In order to use a user for a user to create an application, they must have admin privileges at the instance level.
  To create an OIDC application, a scope of "openid".
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/applications.html
---

# gitlab_application (Resource)

The `gitlab_application` resource allows to manage the lifecycle of applications in gitlab.

~> In order to use a user for a user to create an application, they must have admin privileges at the instance level.
To create an OIDC application, a scope of "openid".

**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/applications.html)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "gitlab_application" "oidc" {
  confidential = true
  scopes       = ["openid"]
  name         = "company_oidc"
  redirect_url = "https://mycompany.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the application.
- `redirect_url` (String) The URL gitlab should send the user to after authentication.
- `scopes` (Set of String) Scopes of the application. Use "openid" if you plan to use this as an oidc authentication application. Valid options are: `api`, `read_api`, `read_user`, `read_repository`, `write_repository`, `read_registry`, `write_registry`, `sudo`, `admin_mode`, `openid`, `profile`, `email`.
This is only populated when creating a new application. This attribute is not available for imported resources

### Optional

- `confidential` (Boolean) The application is used where the client secret can be kept confidential. Native mobile apps and Single Page Apps are considered non-confidential. Defaults to true if not supplied

### Read-Only

- `application_id` (String) Internal name of the application.
- `id` (String) The ID of this Terraform resource. In the format of `<application_id>`.
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) Application secret. Sensitive and must be kept secret. This is only populated when creating a new application. This attribute is not available for imported resources.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Gitlab applications can be imported with their id, e.g.
terraform import gitlab_application.example "1"

# NOTE: the secret and scopes cannot be imported
```
