---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_branch Resource - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_branch resource manages the lifecycle of a repository branch.
  !> The ref attribute is only set in state on resource creation. Imports or divergent branches can lead Terraform to destroy and recreate the resource. Use the lifecycle meta-argument to ignore changes to avoid this behavior.
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/api/branches/
---

# gitlab_branch (Resource)

The `gitlab_branch` resource manages the lifecycle of a repository branch.

!> The `ref` attribute is only set in state on resource creation. Imports or divergent branches can lead Terraform to destroy and recreate the resource. Use the lifecycle meta-argument to ignore changes to avoid this behavior.

**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/api/branches/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create a project for the branch to use
resource "gitlab_project" "example" {
  name         = "example"
  description  = "An example project"
  namespace_id = gitlab_group.example.id
}

resource "gitlab_branch" "example" {
  name    = "example"
  ref     = "main"
  project = gitlab_project.example.id

  # Recommended for imports and divergent branches
  # to prevent resource destroy and recreate.
  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = [ref]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name for this branch.
- `project` (String) The ID or full path of the project which the branch is created against.
- `ref` (String) The ref which the branch is created from.

### Optional

- `keep_on_destroy` (Boolean) Indicates whether the branch is kept once the resource destroyed (must be applied before a destroy).

### Read-Only

- `can_push` (Boolean) Bool, true if you can push to the branch.
- `commit` (Attributes Set) The commit associated with the branch ref. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--commit))
- `default` (Boolean) Bool, true if branch is the default branch for the project.
- `developer_can_merge` (Boolean) Bool, true if developer level access allows to merge branch.
- `developer_can_push` (Boolean) Bool, true if developer level access allows git push.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource. In the format `<project:name>`
- `merged` (Boolean) Bool, true if the branch has been merged into its parent.
- `protected` (Boolean) Bool, true if branch has branch protection.
- `web_url` (String) The url of the created branch (https).

<a id="nestedatt--commit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `commit`

Read-Only:

- `author_email` (String) The email of the author.
- `author_name` (String) The name of the author.
- `authored_date` (String) The date which the commit was authored (format: yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ).
- `committed_date` (String) The date at which the commit was pushed (format: yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ).
- `committer_email` (String) The email of the user that committed.
- `committer_name` (String) The name of the user that committed.
- `id` (String) The unique id assigned to the commit by Gitlab.
- `message` (String) The commit message
- `parent_ids` (Set of String) The id of the parents of the commit
- `short_id` (String) The short id assigned to the commit by Gitlab.
- `title` (String) The title of the commit

## Import

Starting in Terraform v1.5.0, you can use an [import block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import `gitlab_branch`. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = gitlab_branch.example
  id = "see CLI command below for ID"
}
```

Importing using the CLI is supported with the following syntax:

```shell
# Gitlab branches can be imported with a key composed of `<project_id>:<branch_name>`, e.g.
terraform import gitlab_branch.example "12345:develop"
```
