---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_group_integration_mattermost Resource - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_group_integration_mattermost resource manages the lifecycle of a group integration with Mattermost.
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/api/group_integrations/#mattermost-notifications
---

# gitlab_group_integration_mattermost (Resource)

The `gitlab_group_integration_mattermost` resource manages the lifecycle of a group integration with Mattermost.

**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/api/group_integrations/#mattermost-notifications)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "gitlab_group" "example" {
  name        = "example-group"
  path        = "example-group"
  description = "An example group"
}

resource "gitlab_group_integration_mattermost" "mattermost" {
  group    = gitlab_group.example.id
  webhook  = "https://mattermost.example.com/hooks/..."
  username = "my-username"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group` (String) The ID or full path of the group to integrate with Mattermost.
- `webhook` (String, Sensitive) Mattermost notifications webhook (for example, http://mattermost.example.com/hooks/...).

### Optional

- `branches_to_be_notified` (String) Branches to send notifications for. Valid values are `all`, `default`, `protected`, `default_and_protected`.
- `channel` (String) Default channel to use if no other channel is configured.
- `confidential_issue_channel` (String) The name of the channel to receive confidential issue events notifications.
- `confidential_issues_events` (Boolean) Enable notifications for confidential issues events.
- `confidential_note_channel` (String) The name of the channel to receive confidential note events notifications.
- `confidential_note_events` (Boolean) Enable notifications for confidential note events.
- `issue_channel` (String) The name of the channel to receive issue events notifications.
- `issues_events` (Boolean) Enable notifications for issues events.
- `labels_to_be_notified` (String) Labels to send notifications for. Leave blank to receive notifications for all events.
- `labels_to_be_notified_behavior` (String) Labels to be notified for. Valid values are `match_any`, `match_all`.
- `merge_request_channel` (String) The name of the channel to receive merge request events notifications.
- `merge_requests_events` (Boolean) Enable notifications for merge requests events.
- `note_channel` (String) The name of the channel to receive note events notifications.
- `note_events` (Boolean) Enable notifications for note events.
- `notify_only_broken_pipelines` (Boolean) Send notifications for broken pipelines.
- `pipeline_channel` (String) The name of the channel to receive pipeline events notifications.
- `pipeline_events` (Boolean) Enable notifications for pipeline events.
- `push_channel` (String) The name of the channel to receive push events notifications.
- `push_events` (Boolean) Enable notifications for push events.
- `tag_push_channel` (String) The name of the channel to receive tag push events notifications.
- `tag_push_events` (Boolean) Enable notifications for tag push events.
- `use_inherited_settings` (Boolean) Inherit settings from parent group.
- `username` (String) Mattermost notifications username.
- `wiki_page_channel` (String) The name of the channel to receive wiki page events notifications.
- `wiki_page_events` (Boolean) Enable notifications for wiki page events.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the group.

## Import

Starting in Terraform v1.5.0, you can use an [import block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import `gitlab_group_integration_mattermost`. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = gitlab_group_integration_mattermost.example
  id = "see CLI command below for ID"
}
```

Importing using the CLI is supported with the following syntax:

```shell
# GitLab group Mattermost integrations can be imported using the group ID, e.g.
terraform import gitlab_group_integration_mattermost.mattermost 12345
```
