---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_member_role Resource - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_member_role resource allows to manage the lifecycle of a custom member role.
  Custom roles allow an organization to create user roles with the precise privileges and permissions required for that organization’s needs.
  -> This resource requires an Ultimate license.
  -> Most custom roles are considered billable users that use a seat. Custom roles billing and seat usage https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/custom_roles.html#billing-and-seat-usage
  -> There can be only 10 custom roles on your instance or namespace. See issue 450929 https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/-/issues/450929 for more details.
  Upstream API: GitLab GraphQL API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/graphql/reference/#mutationmemberrolecreate
---

# gitlab_member_role (Resource)

The `gitlab_member_role` resource allows to manage the lifecycle of a custom member role.

Custom roles allow an organization to create user roles with the precise privileges and permissions required for that organization’s needs.

-> This resource requires an Ultimate license.

-> Most custom roles are considered billable users that use a seat. [Custom roles billing and seat usage](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/custom_roles.html#billing-and-seat-usage)

-> There can be only 10 custom roles on your instance or namespace. See [issue 450929](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/-/issues/450929) for more details.

**Upstream API**: [GitLab GraphQL API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/graphql/reference/#mutationmemberrolecreate)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `base_access_level` (String) The base access level for the custom role. Valid values are: `DEVELOPER`, `GUEST`, `MAINTAINER`, `MINIMAL_ACCESS`, `OWNER`, `REPORTER`
- `enabled_permissions` (List of String) All permissions enabled for the custom role. Valid values are: `ADMIN_CICD_VARIABLES`, `ADMIN_COMPLIANCE_FRAMEWORK`, `ADMIN_GROUP_MEMBER`, `ADMIN_INTEGRATIONS`, `ADMIN_MERGE_REQUEST`, `ADMIN_PUSH_RULES`, `ADMIN_RUNNERS`, `ADMIN_TERRAFORM_STATE`, `ADMIN_VULNERABILITY`, `ADMIN_WEB_HOOK`, `ARCHIVE_PROJECT`, `MANAGE_DEPLOY_TOKENS`, `MANAGE_GROUP_ACCESS_TOKENS`, `MANAGE_MERGE_REQUEST_SETTINGS`, `MANAGE_PROJECT_ACCESS_TOKENS`, `MANAGE_SECURITY_POLICY_LINK`, `READ_CODE`, `READ_CRM_CONTACT`, `READ_DEPENDENCY`, `READ_RUNNERS`, `READ_VULNERABILITY`, `REMOVE_GROUP`, `REMOVE_PROJECT`
- `name` (String) Name for the member role.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description for the member role.
- `group_path` (String) Full path of the namespace to create the member role in. **Required for SAAS** **Not allowed for self-managed**

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Timestamp of when the member role was created. Only available with GitLab version 17.3 or higher.
- `edit_path` (String) The Web UI path to edit the member role
- `id` (String) Globally unique ID of the member role. In the format of `gid://gitlab/MemberRole/1`
- `iid` (Number) The id integer value extracted from the `id` attribute
