---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_project_integration_matrix Resource - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_project_integration_matrix resource manages the lifecycle of a project integration with Matrix.
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/api/project_integrations/#matrix-notifications
---

# gitlab_project_integration_matrix (Resource)

The `gitlab_project_integration_matrix` resource manages the lifecycle of a project integration with Matrix.
		
**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/api/project_integrations/#matrix-notifications)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "gitlab_project" "awesome_project" {
  name             = "awesome_project"
  description      = "My awesome project."
  visibility_level = "public"
}

resource "gitlab_project_integration_matrix" "matrix" {
  project  = gitlab_project.awesome_project.id
  hostname = "https://matrix.org"
  token    = "your-matrix-token"
  room     = "!abcdefg:matrix.org"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) The ID or full path of the project to integrate with Matrix.
- `room` (String) Unique identifier for the target room (in the format `!qPKKM111FFKKsfoCVy:matrix.org`).
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The Matrix access token (for example, syt-zyx57W2v1u123ew11).

### Optional

- `branches_to_be_notified` (String) Branches to send notifications for. Valid options are: `all`, `default`, `protected`, `default_and_protected`. The default value is "default"
- `confidential_issues_events` (Boolean) Enable notifications for confidential issue events.
- `confidential_note_events` (Boolean) Enable notifications for confidential note events.
- `hostname` (String) Custom hostname of the Matrix server. The default value is "https://matrix.org".
- `issues_events` (Boolean) Enable notifications for issue events.
- `merge_requests_events` (Boolean) Enable notifications for merge request events.
- `note_events` (Boolean) Enable notifications for note events.
- `notify_only_broken_pipelines` (Boolean) Send notifications for broken pipelines.
- `pipeline_events` (Boolean) Enable notifications for pipeline events.
- `push_events` (Boolean) Enable notifications for push events.
- `tag_push_events` (Boolean) Enable notifications for tag push events.
- `use_inherited_settings` (Boolean) Indicates whether to inherit the default settings. Defaults to `false`.
- `wiki_page_events` (Boolean) Enable notifications for wiki page events.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this Terraform resource. In the format of `<project>`.

## Import

Starting in Terraform v1.5.0, you can use an [import block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import `gitlab_project_integration_matrix`. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = gitlab_project_integration_matrix.example
  id = "see CLI command below for ID"
}
```

Importing using the CLI is supported with the following syntax:

```shell
# You can import a gitlab_project_integration_matrix state using the project ID, e.g.
terraform import gitlab_project_integration_matrix.matrix 1
```
