---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_release Resource - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_release resource manages the lifecycle of releases in gitlab.
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/api/releases/
---

# gitlab_release (Resource)

The `gitlab_release` resource manages the lifecycle of releases in gitlab.

**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/api/releases/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create a project
resource "gitlab_project" "example" {
  name        = "example"
  description = "An example project"
}

# Create a release
resource "gitlab_release" "example" {
  project     = gitlab_project.example.id
  name        = "test-release"
  tag_name    = "v1.0.0"
  description = "Test release description"
  ref         = "main"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) The ID or full path of the project.
- `tag_name` (String) The tag where the release is created from.

### Optional

- `assets` (Attributes) The release assets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assets))
- `description` (String) The description of the release. You can use Markdown.
- `milestones` (Set of String) The title of each milestone the release is associated with. GitLab Premium customers can specify group milestones.
- `name` (String) The name of the release.
- `ref` (String) If a tag specified in tag_name doesn't exist, the release is created from ref and tagged with tag_name. It can be a commit SHA, another tag name, or a branch name.
- `released_at` (String) Date and time for the release. Defaults to the current time. Expected in ISO 8601 format (2019-03-15T08:00:00Z). Only provide this field if creating an upcoming or historical release.
- `tag_message` (String) Message to use if creating a new annotated tag.

### Read-Only

- `author` (Attributes) The author of the release. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--author))
- `commit` (Attributes) The release commit. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--commit))
- `commit_path` (String) The path to the commit
- `created_at` (String) Date and time the release was created. In ISO 8601 format (2019-03-15T08:00:00Z).
- `description_html` (String) HTML rendered Markdown of the release description.
- `id` (String) The ID of this Terraform resource. In the format of `<project_id:tag_name>`.
- `links` (Attributes) Links of the release (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--links))
- `tag_path` (String) The path to the tag.
- `upcoming_release` (Boolean) Whether the release_at attribute is set to a future date.

<a id="nestedatt--assets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assets`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) The total count of assets in this release.


<a id="nestedatt--author"></a>
### Nested Schema for `author`

Read-Only:

- `avatar_url` (String) The url of the author's' user avatar.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the author's user.
- `name` (String) The name of the author.
- `state` (String) The state of the author's user.
- `username` (String) The username of the author.
- `web_url` (String) The url to the author's user profile.


<a id="nestedatt--commit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `commit`

Read-Only:

- `author_email` (String) The email address of the commit author.
- `author_name` (String) The name of the commit author.
- `authored_date` (String) The date and time the commit was authored. In ISO 8601 format (2019-03-15T08:00:00Z).
- `committed_date` (String) The date and time the commit was made. In ISO 8601 format (2019-03-15T08:00:00Z).
- `committer_email` (String) The email address of the committer.
- `committer_name` (String) The name of the committer.
- `created_at` (String) The date and time the commit was created. In ISO 8601 format (2019-03-15T08:00:00Z).
- `id` (String) The git commit full SHA
- `message` (String) The commit message.
- `parent_ids` (Set of String) The full SHA of any parent commits.
- `short_id` (String) The git commit short SHA.
- `title` (String) The title of the commit.


<a id="nestedatt--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `links`

Read-Only:

- `closed_issues_url` (String) URL of the release's closed issues.
- `closed_merge_requests_url` (String) URL of the release's closed merge requests.
- `edit_url` (String) URL of the release's edit page.
- `merged_merge_requests_url` (String) URL of the release's merged merge requests.
- `opened_issues_url` (String) URL of the release's open issues.
- `opened_merge_requests_url` (String) URL of the release's open merge requests.
- `self` (String) URL of the release.

## Import

Starting in Terraform v1.5.0, you can use an [import block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import `gitlab_release`. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = gitlab_release.example
  id = "see CLI command below for ID"
}
```

Importing using the CLI is supported with the following syntax:

```shell
# Gitlab release link can be imported with a key composed of `<project>:<tag_name>`, e.g.
terraform import gitlab_release.example "12345:test"
```
