---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_service_jira Resource - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_service_jira resource allows to manage the lifecycle of a project integration with Jira.
  ~> This resource is deprecated. use gitlab_integration_jirainstead!
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/api/project_integrations/#jira-issues
---

# gitlab_service_jira (Resource)

The `gitlab_service_jira` resource allows to manage the lifecycle of a project integration with Jira.

~> This resource is deprecated. use `gitlab_integration_jira`instead!

**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/api/project_integrations/#jira-issues)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "gitlab_project" "awesome_project" {
  name             = "awesome_project"
  description      = "My awesome project."
  visibility_level = "public"
}

resource "gitlab_service_jira" "jira" {
  project  = gitlab_project.awesome_project.id
  url      = "https://jira.example.com"
  username = "user"
  password = "mypass"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The Jira API token, password, or personal access token to be used with Jira. When your authentication method is basic (jira_auth_type is 0), use an API token for Jira Cloud or a password for Jira Data Center or Jira Server. When your authentication method is a Jira personal access token (jira_auth_type is 1), use the personal access token.
- `project` (String) ID of the project you want to activate integration on.
- `url` (String) The URL to the JIRA project which is being linked to this GitLab project. For example, https://jira.example.com.

### Optional

- `api_url` (String) The base URL to the Jira instance API. Web URL value is used if not set. For example, https://jira-api.example.com.
- `comment_on_event_enabled` (Boolean) Enable comments inside Jira issues on each GitLab event (commit / merge request)
- `commit_events` (Boolean) Enable notifications for commit events
- `issues_enabled` (Boolean) Enable viewing Jira issues in GitLab.
- `jira_auth_type` (Number) The authentication method to be used with Jira. 0 means Basic Authentication. 1 means Jira personal access token. Defaults to 0.
- `jira_issue_prefix` (String) Prefix to match Jira issue keys.
- `jira_issue_regex` (String) Regular expression to match Jira issue keys.
- `jira_issue_transition_automatic` (Boolean) Enable automatic issue transitions. Takes precedence over jira_issue_transition_id if enabled. Defaults to false. This value cannot be imported, and will not perform drift detection if changed outside Terraform.
- `jira_issue_transition_id` (String) The ID of a transition that moves issues to a closed state. You can find this number under the JIRA workflow administration (Administration > Issues > Workflows) by selecting View under Operations of the desired workflow of your project. By default, this ID is set to 2.
- `merge_requests_events` (Boolean) Enable notifications for merge request events
- `project_key` (String, Deprecated) The short identifier for your JIRA project. Must be all uppercase. For example, `PROJ`.
- `project_keys` (List of String) Keys of Jira projects. When issues_enabled is true, this setting specifies which Jira projects to view issues from in GitLab.
- `use_inherited_settings` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not to inherit default settings. Defaults to false.
- `username` (String) The email or username to be used with Jira. For Jira Cloud use an email, for Jira Data Center and Jira Server use a username. Required when using Basic authentication (jira_auth_type is 0).

### Read-Only

- `active` (Boolean) Whether the integration is active.
- `created_at` (String) Create time.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `title` (String) Title.
- `updated_at` (String) Update time.

## Import

Starting in Terraform v1.5.0 you can use an [import block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import `gitlab_service_jira`. For example:
```terraform
import {
  to = gitlab_service_jira.example
  id = "see CLI command below for ID"
}
```

Import using the CLI is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# You can import a gitlab_service_jira state using the project ID, e.g.
terraform import gitlab_service_jira.jira 1
```
