---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab_user_runner Resource - terraform-provider-gitlab"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlab_user_runner resource allows creating a GitLab runner using the new GitLab Runner Registration Flow https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/runners/new_creation_workflow.html.
  Upstream API: GitLab REST API docs https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/users.html#create-a-runner
---

# gitlab_user_runner (Resource)

The `gitlab_user_runner` resource allows creating a GitLab runner using the new [GitLab Runner Registration Flow](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/runners/new_creation_workflow.html).

**Upstream API**: [GitLab REST API docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/users.html#create-a-runner)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `runner_type` (String) The scope of the runner. Valid values are: `instance_type`, `group_type`, `project_type`.

### Optional

- `access_level` (String) The access level of the runner. Valid values are: `not_protected`, `ref_protected`.
- `description` (String) Description of the runner.
- `group_id` (Number) The ID of the group that the runner is created in. Required if runner_type is group_type.
- `locked` (Boolean) Specifies if the runner should be locked for the current project.
- `maximum_timeout` (Number) Maximum timeout that limits the amount of time (in seconds) that runners can run jobs. Must be at least 600 (10 minutes).
- `paused` (Boolean) Specifies if the runner should ignore new jobs.
- `project_id` (Number) The ID of the project that the runner is created in. Required if runner_type is project_type.
- `tag_list` (Set of String) A list of runner tags.
- `untagged` (Boolean) Specifies if the runner should handle untagged jobs.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the gitlab runner.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The authentication token to use when setting up a new runner with this configuration. This value cannot be imported.
